Improve PEcAn.SIPNET documentation and connect to PEcAn book (#3705)
PecanProject/pecan: book_source/03_topical_pages/05_models/sipnet.Rmd

## SIPNET {#models-sipnet}

| Model Information ||
| -- | -- |
| Home Page | https://pecanproject.github.io/sipnet |
| Source Code | https://github.com/PecanProject/sipnet |
| License | BSD 3-Clause |

> | Authors | Bill Sacks, Liza Nicoll, others |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Authors | Michael Longfritz, William Sacks, David Moore, John M. Zobitz, Bobby H. Braswell, David S. Schimel, Rob Kooper, Michael C. Dietze, Istem Fer, Chris Black, David S. LeBauer|
```

| PEcAn Integration | Michael Dietze, Rob Kooper |

**Introduction**

SIPNET (Simplified Photosynthesis and Evapotranspiration Model) is a lightweight ecosystem model designed to simulate complex environmental dynamics. It tracks carbon, water, nitrogen, and trace greenhouse-gas (N₂O, CH₄) interactions, supporting applications from forest carbon inventories to managed croplands.

Key features include simulation of photosynthesis, respiration, allocation, soil water, soil temperature, and nitrogen cycling on sub-daily time steps. The model tracks vegetation, litter, soil, and mineral-N pools, and includes event-based management for agricultural processes.

> For comprehensive model documentation, see the [SIPNET documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/sipnet). For the PEcAn.SIPNET package documentation, see the [package website](https://pecanproject.github.io/package-documentation/develop/PEcAn.SIPNET/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For model documentation including model structure, user guide, and developer guide, see the [SIPNET documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/sipnet). For PEcAn.SIPNET documentation, see the [package website](https://pecanproject.github.io/package-documentation/develop/PEcAn.SIPNET/).
```

**Installation notes**

For current SIPNET installation instructions, please see:

> - [Installing SIPNET in the PEcAn documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/pecan-documentation/develop/install-models.html#inst-sipnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Installing SIPNET in the PEcAn documentation](https://pecanproject.github.io/pecan-documentation/develop/osinstall.html#sipnet-inst-sipnet)
```

- [SIPNET Installation Guide](https://pecanproject.github.io/sipnet/install.html)

> The recommended approach is to install SIPNET from the official [SIPNET repository](https://github.com/PecanProject/sipnet)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For current SIPNET installation instructions, please see the [SIPNET Installation Guide](https://pecanproject.github.io/sipnet/install.html) or install binaries from the official [releases](https://github.com/PecanProject/sipnet/releases) page.
```
